# Interactive card details form w/ Frontend & Backend

## Hello World!

This was a project template that I downloaded at Frontend Mentor because I needed some ideas and practice for my html/css/js, but now I feel like I've come such a long way (obviously still an even greater road up ahead). I believe that I've truly made this project my own by experimenting with HTML/CSS, some JavaScript, Looking into React.js, Node.js, and Express and how to send HTTP requests andd connecting a backend that processes the different GET/POST/PUT/DELETE http requests and therefore  implementing a functional CRUD. This took me down the rabbit hole and got me thinking how can I connect this into a Database? I looked at my options and it seemed that a MERN framework would be moree than enough for my project, so I spent hours researching and practicing, which led me to create my own Database with MongoDB and connect my  project's input forms into a nicely formatted JSON string in my database which lets admins or other company employees easy parse through and organize and visualize what specs, for example, a client may want. In this case though, it was to store credit card information (I know definitely NOT secure, but was a fun and interesting project regardless). 

This feels extremely rewarding and I want to learn more and explore more a nd get better at the coding and making more MERN (fullstack) applications, but honestly  it's really taxing on me mentally, so I might slow down for a little bit, but I definitely will pick it back up. I want to thank Sangwon Lee (Jay's Dad) for giving me the internship opportunity to give me the space and motivation to starting web development.

LET'S GOOO!